So, this uniform that we have is, first of all, I like the colors. Makes
you look really really military, if you can say that. There's this
person, Steve Jobs. He used to wear the same exact thing every single
day and he was very successful as a computer manager and he said
that he wore the same exact thing because he didn't have to think about
what to wear every single day. So, you get into that impression
here, you know, like you know what you're going to wear so there's
like very very little thought process of what it's going to be. Is it
going to be the same thing I wore yesterday or is it going to be this
new fresh one but it's going to be cammies today, so.